Josh Smith we've got to be mobile duck
I'm going to show you how you can turn
handwritten notes on a piece of paper
like this or from a whiteboard
chalkboard into something you can edit
using the s-pen without taking the notes
yourself the first thing you want to do
is open up s note this is a free app
that's included with the galaxy note 4
and I'm going to tap on this little
photo note icon and so as we move back
if the whole content is in the screen it
will automatically detect it in this
case I'm just going to press the button
I'm going to capture the top part of
this paper and so it's going to do its
thing and try to figure out exactly what
this content is and what is editable so
it takes a minute but taking the photo
doesn't take very long now I have this
in here and what I need to do is convert
to edit so I'm going to tap on convert
to edit and basically this is going to
turn the actual writing into lines so
we'll give you a closer look here so now
these are editable notes so I can add
some notes or I want to erase part of
this I don't want this right here I can
actually go in remove that and I can go
back to writing and say do this first
so what you're going to be able to do is
take a snapshot of some meeting notes
add your information to it or take a
snapshot of class notes say a problem
the professor's put up on the board then
you can actually solve it using the
s-pen and you can delete parts of the
note and keep the other just as if you
had handwritten this all out and it's
really cool way to quickly bring stuff
in you can do the same thing with a
handout that has typed text and you'll
be able to delete letter by letter
way so if you head over to Gadara mobile
comm you'll find out more about this and
51 more Galaxy Note 4 tips and tricks if
you found this video useful please hit
like and subscribe and be sure to check
out that description for a link to the
rest of our galaxy note 4 tips and tres